All right, pretty good.
So let's put our answers in the comments section.
First one, in 2015, Dr. Ben Carson
celebrated for his groundbreaking works
as a neurosurgeon, ventured into the
political arena with the aim of securing
the Republican nomination for president
of the United States.
What new career path did Ben Carson
pursue in 2015?
2015, lo puedes decir de las dos formas.
Second, Dr. Carson had strong and clear
opinions on controversial issues.
On abortion, he was firmly pro -life,
advocating for the protection of unborn children.
What was Dr. Ben Carson's stance on abortion?
Third, in 2017, Dr. Carson got appointed
as a secretary of housing and urban
development by President Donald Trump.
So what position did Bert Carson take
after suspending his presidential campaign?
All right, pretty good.
Put your questions down below.
All right, let's go.